Minutes, 10th meeting of TC57 (21 July 2026) (#150)
hlsl-tc57/tc57: docs/Meetings/2026-07-21-minutes.md

### 6.1.1 [Resources.TypedBuffer](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/65)

For committee attention: [removal of "non-normative" code blocks](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/65#discussion_r3467247576)

This PR reached consensus to be merged. Gregory Roth (Nvidia) had some remaining concerns, but they were non-blocking and he has created a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/issues/144) to track.

### 6.1.2 Lexical conventions

* [\[Lex.Identifier\]](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/119)
* [\[Lex.Keywords\]](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/133)
* [\[Lex.Operators\]](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/135)

All three of these PRs reached consensus and were merged by the chair.

## 6.2 Standardising conflicts between established implementations

Due to the fact that HLSL has multiple implementations but has never had a standard, much of the work that’s being done right now is informed by user documentation, blog posts, and known behaviour of existing implementations. In the circumstance where these conflict, what is the committee policy on choosing a behaviour to implement, and is there a strategy for acknowledging the conflict?

> Going forward delegates who are aware of these conflicts will attempt to make a purely informational not on the PR indicating the deicision for future readers and researchers to understand why a choice was made. It will not be a requirement, but rather an attempt at taking advantage of the breadth and depth of the knowledge of the delegates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going forward delegates who are aware of these conflicts will attempt to make a purely informational note on the PR indicating the decision for future readers and researchers to understand why a choice was made. It will not be a requirement, but rather an attempt at taking advantage of the breadth and depth of the knowledge of the delegates.
```
